Added docs for Products, Stores and Categories APIs (#16)
rootstrap/best_buy_ruby: docs/general_overview.md

# General Overview

The different APIs accessible by this gem are:

- [Products](products_api.md)
- [Stores](stores_api.md)
- [Categories](categories_api.md)

In spite of having each their own specification, they all share some basics listed here.

## Common methods

> These methods can be used with any of the APIs:

Reviewer: How many methods are described below? Isn't only one currently?

Author: Would `This method` suit better?

#### `get_all(search_query:, pagination:)`
_alias: `index`_

> Retrieves a collection of items (which ones depends on the API). These items will be filtered by `search_query` and limited by `pagination`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves a collection of items (the ones depending on the API). These items will be filtered by `search_query` and limited by `pagination`.
```

Author: What about `(these depend on the API)`?

- `canonical_url`: the non-server part of the query
- `current_page`: the page being returned
- `partial`: flag indicating whether or not the query returned only partial results (in the event of a timeout)
- `from`: the index of the first item returned on the current page
- `to`: the index of the last item returned on the current page
- `total`: the total number of items returned by the query
- `total_pages`: the number of pages required to list all items
- `query_time`: the time required to search the database
- `total_time`: the time required to parse, search, format and return results

## Pagination

Best Buy APIs accept pagination parameters to control the amount of results returned. That's why for the `get_all` method, for example, there's an optional `pagination` parameter, which consists of a hash with two also optional keys:

- `:page`: number of the page of results you’d like returned
- `:page_size`: amount of results per page (default: 10, max: 100)

Example:
```ruby
pagination_params = { page: 3, page_size: 50 }

BestBuy::Stores.new(your_api_key).get_all(pagination: pagination_params)
```

> 

Reviewer: Empty line not needed maybe?
